Add deferrable mode to `GCSObjectsWithPrefixExistenceSensor` (#30618)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/operators/cloud/gcs.rst

    :start-after: [START howto_sensor_object_with_prefix_exists_task]
    :end-before: [END howto_sensor_object_with_prefix_exists_task]

> You can set the ``deferrable`` param to True if you want this sensor to run asynchronously - leading to efficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the ``deferrable`` param to True if you want this sensor to run asynchronously, leading to more efficient
```

Author: done

> utilization of resources in your Airflow deployment. However the triggerer component needs to be up and running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
utilization of resources in your Airflow deployment. However the triggerer component needs to be enabled
```

Reviewer: above two comments also apply to https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/30579

Author: done
